[Music]
welcome to story flicks
in this video we will explain iboy a
netflix original film
after an accident tom wakes from a coma
to discover that fragments of his
smartphone have been embedded
in his head and worse that returning to
normal teenage life
is impossible because he has developed a
strange set of superpowers
so are you curious about tom's
superpowers let's find out on iboy
iboy tells the story of a student named
tom and his childhood friend
danny tom likes a girl named lucy at his
school
there is a mischievous student named
eugene who often acts violently
tom is a boy out of wedlock who lives
with his grandmother after the death of
his mother
one night tom left the house because he
was bored on the way
tom finds lucy's door open out of
curiosity
tom entered and instead heard a faint
scream it turns out that four criminals
are raping lucy
when they realized tom's presence the
four perpetrators immediately ran
after him tom ran away calling someone
for help
but one of the criminals shot tom right
in his head precisely through his cell
phone
tom was also unconscious ten days later
tom wakes up in the hospital doctors
said that the right side of his head
had been operated on but that part of
the cell phone component was left in his
brain
unfortunately doctors were unable to
remove the component from his brain
after undergoing an examination tom was
finally allowed to go home
he felt very guilty for not being able
to help lucy when it happened
but after returning home strange things
began to happen to tom
suddenly he could hear other people's
conversations on the phone
even though he wasn't using any devices
tom then visits lucy and apologizes that
he couldn't help her that night
but lucy didn't mind it because
everything had happened but tom will not
stand still
he promised to reveal the culprit who
had raped lucy
when tom returned home he began to hear
people's voices on the telephone in his
head
surprisingly he could even see numbers
and pictures as if a computer system was
starting to appear before him from
objects that used electricity
out of curiosity tom then opened his
bedroom window and that night the whole
scene looked as if it was in a computer
system
amazingly now tom can access all the
data he wants with just his mind
because he couldn't stand it and felt
nauseous tom passed out
the next day tom returned to school
after a post-surgery break
he was reunited with danny tom tells
denny that he suspects eugene of being
involved in lucy's rape
but denny looks disapproving and says
that eugene may look naughty but he
understands boundaries
now tom is increasingly able to see more
clearly all the activities on the
internet around him
arriving at the school tom accidentally
sees eugene's video message
which turns out to be a video of lucy's
rape knowing that fact makes tom
emotional and accidentally blows up
eugene's cell phone using just his mind
that night tom goes to his schoolmate's
party there
he notices eugene and identifies three
other people involved in raping lucy
as it turned out the other three men
were eugene's men tom could not contain
his anger and approached eugene
but danny immediately stopped and
dragged him out once again
tom is sure that the perpetrator of
lucy's rape is eugene
but danny disagrees with tom's
allegations
tom who was with lucy then saw eugene
and his three men strolling on the
street
from lucy's expression tom was sure that
the perpetrators of the rape were those
men
that night tom begins his act of terror
by sending an unknown message to
eugene's group
tom also learned how to hack mobile
phone servers and various other computer
and internet devices using his mind
tom then manages to hack eugene's phone
that night he also hacked into all
electronic devices in eugene and his
men's house
including cass who was caught
masturbating in his room
at school tom begins to launch an act of
revenge
when the teacher started to explain the
lesson in front of the class
suddenly tom showed cass a masturbation
scene on the projector screen
it was a disgrace and made everyone so
shocked when tom told lucy about the
incident
it turned out that lucy was quite amused
that's when tom started texting lucy
using his mind
in the message tom admitted that he was
an eyeboy who was here to avenge the
harassment of the men
on her tom then invites lucy to enjoy
the view by the river
it looks like all of lucy's trauma has
started to get better
at that time lucy said that after the
rape incident tom was the only one who
visited and comforted her
tom then promised lucy that he would
always protect her even if he sacrifices
himself
in the evening when tom and lucy return
home eugene stops them on the street
out of nowhere eugene is sure that tom
and lucy have been terrorizing them all
this time
that night tom proves his word if he
doesn't run and dares to face eugene
when eugene wants to beat up tom tom
sends an unknown message to eugene and
his men
eugene then confuse about the message
tom and lucy then sped away
tom's terror of eugene continues that
night eugene and his three friends are
suddenly locked in the car
the car engine also starts on its own
because it is too hot
the engine begins to smoke using the
radio tom asks why they attacked a
walkers and raped lucy
because he was too afraid to suffocate
to death in a car that started to emit
smoke
cass finally said they were ordered by
cuts finally
tom knows who is behind all these crimes
at cutz's place
there was keon and unexpectedly danny
was there too
suddenly on television there was a
recording of cuts's car being urinated
on by someone
seeing that they immediately went out to
check the car tom immediately took the
opportunity to enter kutz's headquarters
using his mind tom easily ruffled the
place everything related to electricity
is blown up by tom he also found several
packets of drugs and took them
this time tom's action did not end there
he then put the drugs into a small
package and put it in the house of
eugene and his men
the following day the police arrive and
arrest eugene's group with evidence of
drug that tom distributed
unfortunately they all have to languish
in the police station
meanwhile all of cuds's balances were
suddenly empty
the next night cuts gets a warning from
the big boss named elman on top of a
building
at that time tom was trying hard to
track down elman's whereabouts but
strangely elman's whereabouts were not
tracked by the system in his brain
as if his data could not be found on any
network that same night with orders from
elman
everyone tried to find out where iboy
was by seizing all laptops and
electronics that could be used for
hacking
unfortunately they don't know that tom
doesn't need electronics to hack
the next day tom again arrests elman's
drug dealings
that night tom intends to thwart the big
deal tom's grandmother who was worried
about his change in attitude
went to danny and asked him to keep an
eye on tom meanwhile
tom continues to follow cuts's car but
tom loses track in the middle of the
road
because it turns out that cuts through
his cell phone in the trash when having
trouble finding the whereabouts of cuts
tom suddenly hears the sound of a plane
he quickly thought of hacking the
satellite finally the whereabouts of
cuts was found
tom followed him to the port tom then
learned martial arts from the internet
with his instant martial arts skills he
managed to knock out guards and burn the
drugs he found
but unfortunately kutz's men suddenly
appeared and started hitting him
luckily tom was able to use high
frequency sound to disturb everyone's
hearing
so he managed to escape the following
day tom woke up by the river
meanwhile lucy was waiting for tom at
school because they have promised to
take the exam together
unfortunately tom arrived at school just
as the exams ended
lucy is disappointed and angry but tom
keeps trying to persuade lucy until they
leave the campus building
that's when lucy looked back and their
hung cass's body
it was a sight that shocked everyone tom
then meets danny
tom asks about cass's death and danny
blames eyeboy for his death
that fact made tom feel guilty he then
went to his surgeon
and asked him to remove all the pieces
of the cell phone that were still
embedded in his brain
but according to the doctor it was
impossible to do because tom's life
could be lost
tom who came home did not expect to get
a surprise
at his house keon was waiting for him
pointing a gun at tom's head
elman is there while cutts is holding
his grandmother hostage
but strangely tom couldn't see elman's
real face at all as if something was
interfering with the frequency in his
brain
elman who already knew tom's abilities
threatened to kill lucy
meanwhile lucy is under eugene's ambush
tom immediately uses his hacking skills
and hacks eugene's cell phone
he called the police to save lucy elman
then called danny
and was not denied it was danny who told
element that tom was an eyeboy
it turns out that danny was a traitor
who was willing to sacrifice his friend
for money all this time elman then asks
tom
to hack into the bank and fill in his
empty account balance
just by using his mind tom managed to
fill the empty account little by little
meanwhile at the place where lucy is
being held captive the police begin to
arrive
but eugene and his two accomplices
managed to escape the police ambush
it turns out that lucy managed to take
the gun lying on the ramps
and pointed at eugene in his gang lucy
then ran away but she met elman
who was carrying tom eventually lucy
returned to being a hostage and elman
asked tom
to fill his account with a lot of money
however because the phone was in elman's
hands
the system was disrupted turns out elman
was using a frequency tamper embedded in
his head
but tom tried hard to hack elman's cell
phone but instead of adding the money
balance he actually managed to blow up
the cell phone
finally by using his abilities tom
easily defeated all of elman's men
elman then fled outside and tom chased
after him
unfortunately tom was trapped because
ellen suddenly appeared behind him
and beat him to the ground just as ellen
is about to kill tom
lucy appears with a gun in her hand lucy
then shoots elman
and hits him in the arm but because she
was too nervous elman managed to grab
the gun
and instead hit lucy to the ground tom
stood up with his remaining strength
and with all his might his real power
emerged with the determination to save
lucy
tom managed to release his main power
namely an electric shock which instantly
killed elman
after that night tom fell back into a
coma and only regained consciousness
after a few days
after recovering tom returned to his
school there
he meets danny again danny tries to
apologize by handing over all the money
he's raised while working with elman but
tom refuses
tom's refusal infuriated danny he even
said
the tan shouldn't be proud because he
killed elman that's when tom expressed
his suspicions all along
all this time tom has been trying to
find out who the perpetrator is who
recorded lucy's rape video
now he realizes that the culprit is
danny tom sped away from him
on top of a building tom and lucy meet
for their first date
the two seemed to like each other and
promised to take care of each other
this film then reached its end
done
you